In this video we will be running some of these plugs down through the hammer mill.
These are just ones I clipped off the end of extension cords
romacs and stuff that i found at my local scrap yard
They all have a little bit of copper and brass in them
I talked to my scrap yard and they just cut them off and throw them in the the tin pile, they don't even save them
they just put them in with the other light scrap they get
I'm going to run this stuff down the hammer mill at 3/8
of an inch gap spacing
Here are all the plugs and ends after we ran them through the 3/8 hammer mill.
You can see a lot of plastic and copper wire in there
Here is a little bit of brass I pulled out.
Than I spread it out on the floor and ran a magnet across it and here is the steel we got out of it
Screws, plates of a few little transformers that went down.
That's all the steel we pulled out.
There are your two cuts
Thanks for watching and if you interested in any of our products give us a call or a email.
Don't forget to like, comment and suscribe
and we will see you on the next one. Thanks for watching!